lib: bin: lwm2m_carrier: update to v3.3.0 (#12516)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/lwm2m_carrier/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

liblwm2m_carrier 3.3.0
**********************

Release for modem firmware version 1.3.5 and 2.0.0

Certification status
====================

For certification status, see `Mobile network operator certifications`_.

Size
====

See :ref:`lwm2m_lib_size` for an explanation of the library size in different scenarios.

+-------------------------+---------------+------------+
|                         | Flash (Bytes) | RAM (Bytes)|
+-------------------------+---------------+------------+
| Library size            |               |            |
| (binary)                |               |            |
+-------------------------+---------------+------------+
| Library size            |               |            |
| (reference application) |               |            |
+-------------------------+---------------+------------+

> 

Reviewer: Do we plan to add values in this table?

Changes
=======

> * Added the Binary App Data Container object.
> 
>   * The object is enabled for the SoftBank subscriber ID :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_SOFTBANK`, or if the LwM2M carrier library is operating in generic mode :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the Binary App Data Container object. The object is enabled for the SoftBank subscriber ID (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_SOFTBANK`), or if the LwM2M carrier library is operating in generic mode (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC`).
```
Since there is just a single entry.

> * Added the Event Log object.
> 
>   * The object is enabled for the SoftBank subscriber ID :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_SOFTBANK`, or if the LwM2M carrier library is operating in generic mode :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the Event Log object. The object is enabled for the SoftBank subscriber ID (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_SOFTBANK`), or if the LwM2M carrier library is operating in generic mode (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC`).
```

> * FOTA procedure now only requires a single modem library initialization. For more information see the modem library :ref:`nrf_modem_changelog`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FOTA procedure now only requires a single modem library initialization. 
  For more information see the Modem library :ref:`changelog <nrf_modem_changelog>`.
```

  * Old successful event flow: :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_FOTA_START` > :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_LTE_POWER_OFF` > :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_MODEM_SHUTDOWN` > :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_MODEM_INIT` > :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_MODEM_INIT` > :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_FOTA_SUCCESS` > :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_LTE_LINK_UP`.
  * New successful event flow: :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_FOTA_START` > :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_LTE_POWER_OFF` > :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_MODEM_SHUTDOWN` > :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_MODEM_INIT` > :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_FOTA_SUCCESS` > :c:member:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_LTE_LINK_UP`.

AT&T support has been deprecated
--------------------------------

> The application shall no longer connect to the AT&T Device Management server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application no longer connects to the AT&T Device Management server.
```

Author: In this case, that LwM2M carrier library _can_ in fact connect to the server. However the customer application should (shall) no longer do it because of changes in requirements from AT&T. More context is given in the following bullet points, so I would leave it as it is now.

Reviewer: Then we could say: The application must no longer connect to the AT&T Device Management server.

This is to avoid using word "shall".

Consequently, the LwM2M carrier library is no longer required to certify with AT&T.

>   * Automatic connection and handling of custom AT&T logic by the LwM2M carrier library is deprecated.
>   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_ATT` is now to be disabled by default, and may be removed in future releases.
>   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_ATT` must be explicitly enabled to apply the library's AT&T configurations.
> 
>     * In previous releases, AT&T support could be implisitly enabled together with all other applicable carriers by initializing :c:macro:`lwm2m_carrier_config_t` with an empty ``carriers_enabled`` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Automatic connection and handling of custom AT&T logic by the LwM2M carrier library is deprecated.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_ATT` is now to be disabled by default, and might be removed in the future releases.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_ATT` must be explicitly enabled to apply the library's AT&T configurations.

  * In previous releases, AT&T support could be enabled together with all other applicable carriers by initializing :c:macro:`lwm2m_carrier_config_t` with an empty ``carriers_enabled`` parameter.
```
